let's be honest the James Bond series is
predictable you know in a good way
you've got your action-packed cold-open
the exotic locales the despicable
henchmen and no time to die looks to be
keeping up that tradition truly this is
a franchise so successful that it can
sustain its own offshoot movie genre
James Bond spoofs 25 films in Bond has
become unabashedly formulaic and by now
we're all in on the church so we're
gonna make the ultimate Bond film out of
some of the best Bond parodies from the
most affectionate to the most lethal for
this mission we have all the spoofs in
the world oh good then in turn just move
first up all James Bond films since dr.
no have had at least a version of that
iconic gun barrel sequence as every
double-o super fan knows too well just
ask the ultimate Bond wannabe Alan
Partridge
blood dribbles down let's grab one from
admins rodent animation flushed away who
do a neat DVD hole gap or if you'd like
a bloody a gun barrel joke in your
sights here's Jason having a decent
swing in it in Friday the 13th part 6
as for the brassy opening number and
seductive title sequence combo let's
turn to spy hard and it's spoof song
from who else Weird Al Yankovic having a
lot of fun with the hyper sexualized
silhouettes and the clunkiness of
jamming the title into the lyrics
[Music]
next we'll need a bandha like you could
pick streetwise eggsy from the Kingsmen
films who scrubs up very convincingly as
a Daniel Craig stand here we can you
stand around here all day or are we
gonna find or if you're feeling old
school Derek Flint from our man Flint
for those who fancy some american charms
smile sir if you'd rather keep things in
the family an uncanny choice would be
Sean Connery's actual brother Neil
that's right
Connery Neil Connery as seen in the
ropey cash-in ok Connery aka operation
kid brother
[Music]
then there are the alluring yet
dangerous femme fatales and there are so
many to choose from but let's stick to
actual genuine Bond girls many of whom
have popped up in parodies after their
official appearances the journey
English's are blessed on that front with
diner the days I see Rosamund Pike
taking a more romantic turn in 2011's
Johnny English Reborn hadn't her thank
you and levitate , and Quantum of Solace
is Olga Kurylenko recast as an
antagonistic Russian spy in 2018 s
Johnny English strikes again an all-time
high however is dr. nose flat ever
iconic Ursula Andress appearing in the
1967 official spoof has seen a Royale as
Vesper Lynd and absurdly a kilt wearing
double agent mowing down a crowd with
her machine gun bagpipes
goofy gadgets are also a big part of
bonds and during appeal so we'd better
pick up some gag gizmos for our do brush
what dual sinks this is
let's grab Steve Martin's tape recorder
shaped pen from the Pink Panther to you
know so he can write down notes without
people noticing it's actually a pens as
well as everything handed over to
Melissa McCarthy in spy which really
takes the unglamorous agent joke to the
nth degree
this antifungal spray can freeze and
disable any security system Wow and it's
quite an image to be carrying all over
Europe if you're hankering for something
more powerful in the Johnny English
series him again there's a pen that
shoots tranquilizer darts and in another
English outing there's a pen that's also
a grenade basically if the
accident-prone mi7 agent is wielding any
source stationery run away I am looking
for a car as for bond super swish set of
wheels you cannot beat the amazingly
named Finn McMissile as voiced by
Michael Caine in cars - who looks more
than a little like James's Aston Martin
db5 from Goldfinger only with a touch
more explosive weaponry
then there are the villains the authors
of all bonds pain do you expect me to
talk burned I expect you to die the
baddest and boldest of the bad guys is
of course blow felt and there's only one
man two men who can properly spoof him
dr. evil and mini-me who take special
care of him he's a special boy
[Music]
undeniably the king of big screen bond
bashing is the legendary shagadelic
chauvinist Austin Powers baby Oh big
hoof trilogy features some of the most
inventive and direct double-o parodies
in the business
where's mr. bigglesworth eccentric
henchmen a ridiculous villain lair and
an obsession with elaborate trap door
death not to mention the inherent bond
smoothness of every ridiculous character
name in the Austin power series random
tasks shag where Robin swallows a lot of
much art I've owned the humble oh and
I've on a toilet made out of solid go
bits just not in the cards now is it
but forget the face ultimately part of
why we love bond so much is that
self-awareness a double entendre the
slight winks to the camera well what do
you think you're doing
keeping the British and observe what you
have to remember is that when it comes
to making fun of bone this never happens
the other fella nobody does it better
then the bonds themselves well them in
the Queen
[Music]
you